https://www.decoracoustics.com

NOTICE! Effective June 3rd, 2024, the UPS XML API will be deprecated. Immediate action is required to transition to the REST API for uninterrupted service. To learn how to upgrade your integration from the XML API to the REST API, please visit Woo UPS Shipping Method documentation.


https://www.impakcorp.com/

 Action required: please connect your Ecwid account
Your storefront (product listing and checkout) is working fine, but the advanced store functions like SEO and sidebar widgets are disabled. To enable them and make sure your store works properly, please press the button below to connect your Ecwid account. This will take less than a minute — you will only be asked to log in to your account and allow this site to get your store data. 



https://www.kapohuegardens.com

    "Simple Masonry Gallery" will no longer be supported. The next plugin is its successor. Please switch. Simple Block Galle



https://www.nevilleforcolorado.com

XPoster (formerly WP to Twitter) needs a Bearer Token added to the connection settings to support the X.com API.


https://www.reboundsportspt.com

WP Rocket cannot configure itself due to missing writing permissions.
Affected file/folder: wp-config.php
Troubleshoot: How to make system files writeable

The following code should have been written to this file: 



https://www.recruitingconsultantrci.com

WP Rocket could not modify the .htaccess file due to missing writing permissions.
Troubleshoot: How to make system files writeable

Don’t worry, WP Rocket’s page caching and settings will still function correctly.
For optimal performance, adding the following lines into your .htaccess is recommended (not required):



https://www.sustainableflooring.com

NOTICE! Effective June 3rd, 2024, the UPS XML API will be deprecated. Immediate action is required to transition to the REST API for uninterrupted service. To learn how to upgrade your integration from the XML API to the REST API, please visit Woo UPS Shipping Method documentation.

https://www.sustainablematerials.com

NOTICE! Effective June 3rd, 2024, the UPS XML API will be deprecated. Immediate action is required to transition to the REST API for uninterrupted service. To learn how to upgrade your integration from the XML API to the REST API, please visit Woo UPS Shipping Method documentation.




https://www.thewaywoodstock.com

Your Ultimate Social Media Plugin license expired on 30 October 2023. Please renew it here: Sellcodes






https://www.tropicalflowersandbouquets.com


     "Simple Masonry Gallery" will no longer be supported. The next plugin is its successor. Please switch. Simple Block Gallery 

NOTICE! Effective May 15, 2024, the FedEx SOAP API will be deprecated. Immediate action is required to transition to the REST API for uninterrupted service. To learn how to setup FedEx APIs integration, please visit Woo FedEx Shipping Method documentation.


